But, you know, naked, old lady or something.
But as now you're a dad, right? I mean, just things change, you know, because,
you know, as a comic, you know,
we're thinking of all these up things and you know what I mean?
My act has not changed my thinking of up things,
my behavior around the house. That's,
that's why I quit drinking because it was like, I was getting, like,
I was getting a hammered at home.
It was one of the deals where like, uh, you know,
going out to a bar was starting to become a pain in the. So,
but I had never brought booze home. I never had it in the house,
so I never had a problem with it because I always had to go out to get it.
That's where I up. It's why you never buy cookies.
Cause if they're in your house, you're going to, you're going to eat them. Yeah.
Don't buy this. And then it's just like, I want to eat some bad food,
but it's way out there. And your laziness will keep you in shape.
Cause I don't want to go out there. So booze was the same thing. And then like,
I, I made the mistake of learning about it. So then I was like, Ooh, this,
this bottle here. And then, you know, acting like I'm not a drunk. So,
and then there was all of this.
I gotten into conspiracy theory and the Ponzi scheme of our money system and all
of this. And uh, it just became too
heavy. And like my wife's like, you got to stop. This stuff is nuts.
And I went completely the other direction.
I got outta conspiracy theory theory and I started watching me TV
and I was just watching all these classic shows during a simpler time if you're
white,
a friendlier time. Um, and I would watch it.
And then everybody on there was smoking and drinking and.
And I would sit there drinking with them and I would watch 77 sunset strip.
I'd watch Peter Gunn watch, uh, what are the other ones I watched?
I just watched, you know, Mannix,
like all these gum shoe shows. I would just watch these things and I would,
I would just get hammered.
And then like then all of a sudden I had a kid and I was just kinda like,
if anything, medically goes wrong right now.
I am like too drunk to drive like this and I want to be,
and I also don't want to be that guy.
Cause I saw kids that I went to school with when I was kids whose parents sort
of openly drank in front of him.
They were sort of the first ones to really start getting after
it, you know? And um, I just was like, all right, I don't want to do that.
And then I quit drinking and then I dropped a bunch of weight and then my,
my self-involved vanity kicked in. I was just like, I kinda like this.
Yeah.
But you know, I've never even thought of there's two comics in my head.
I'm like, you know, I never thought about having kids, you know, I mean, but uh,
years ago Al magical invited me to his house and I had dinner with his kids and
his wife and it was proper.
We put the thing on the thing and then the utensils that was nice, the candles,
you know what I mean? It was real nice.